Explain new Policy `spec.timeoutEvalSeconds` feature (#665)
kubewarden/docs: docs/reference/policy-evaluation-timeout.md

approaches have merits so a goal of Kubewarden is to let the policy authors
choose the best tool for their needs.

When using a traditional,
[Turing-complete](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Turing_completeness)
programming language, it's possible to have issues like:

- [Infinite loops](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_loop)

> - [Deadlocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deadlock).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Deadlocks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deadlock)
```

A future release of Policy Server will address these scenarios.

## Configuration

> All values of the per-Policies evaluation timeouts, the per-Policy-Server
> evaluation timeout, and the webhook timeouts are validated so they all are
> within acceptable values between each other. For example, it is not possible to
> set a Policy evaluation timeout value that is higher than the Kubernetes'
> webhook timeout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All values of the per-Policy evaluation timeouts, the per-Policy-Server
evaluation timeout, and the webhook timeouts are validated so they all are
within acceptable values of each other. For example, it is not possible to
set a Policy evaluation timeout value that is higher than the Kubernetes'
webhook timeout.
```

A future release of Policy Server will address these scenarios.

## Configuration

All values of the per-Policy evaluation timeouts, the per-Policy-Server
evaluation timeout, and the webhook timeouts are validated so they all are
within acceptable values of each other. For example, it is not possible to
set a Policy evaluation timeout value that is higher than the Kubernetes'
webhook timeout.

### Per Policy

Starting with Kubewarden v1.29.0, every Kubewarden Policy can set its own

> timeout value via its `spec.timeoutEvalSeconds` attribute. Not to confuse with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
timeout value via its `spec.timeoutEvalSeconds` attribute. This is not to be confused with
```

of the [Kubernetes Dynamic Admission
Controller](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).

Internally, the Kubernetes API server makes an HTTP request to Kubewarden's
Policy Server describing an event that's about to happen. After the HTTP
request, the Kubernetes API Server waits for an answer. However, the Kubernetes
API server doesn't wait forever. After a certain amount of time, it considers
the request to have timed out.

Quoting the [Kubernetes
documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/#timeouts):

> Because webhooks add to API request latency, they should evaluate as quickly

> > as possible. `timeoutSeconds` allows configuring how long the API server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> as possible. Setting `timeoutSeconds` configures how long the API server
```
